49
0 heard this song coz of jaesuk but came here coz of jo bang wool in angry mom XP
1 I'm 16, i love K-Pop K culture and all BUT my parents brought me here
2 ok, I get it. I also like kdramas/music but how come everyone in the last comments only knows it because of those?
3 i had a test and it said what was the aruther of this song and i did back street boys hahah
0 I got it, the music is fine, she's great! I just think she was trying to celebrate American divas in a single videoclip 
0 You guys definitely need to watch the new red velvet music video 'ice cream cake'! It's such a good comeback song (:
1 You killed the high notes!
2 Literally just checked right now and saw new video was up :) Btw, rocking those glasses nice!
3 MadClown Fire
TeenTop Missing
Crayon Pop Uh-ee
EXO Open Arms / El Dorado
B1A4 Solo Day
4 Since the volume of the MV is so low when you sing/talk about random stuff during it all I hear is you /:
5 Ya'll totally missed 80% of the rap but who cares,the song was not that good anyway.
6 how bout Iron's semifinal performance at show me the money? the one when he covered Leessang - Poison Gas. it was intense!
0 This song never gets old!! I love it!
1 Damn I heard this song at a grocery store called Mi Tienda and I haven't been able to stop listening to it!!!
2 nice song
0 Keith I don't know what to say but I love Feels Good it's so dang Hot!!!??
1 Now that is some stone cold Keith sweat right there! Song definitely 'Feels good"
2 that special someone, I am falling in love. feels good. great song.
3 Best choruses great song writer. Hittem up cuz u feel you not that fly. Unique tone/voice box  also.
4 Feels Good Is A Beautiful Song I Y Totally Feel That Song Woww My Darling Congratulations...LOVE ME SOME KEITH SWEAT?
5 B`~?EMOTIONALISM 4LUST??2017???FOX THEATER DETROIT Don Keith Douglas old Pic but ive Ears...that still works for Your Voice Get with Karen Dumas 910 am Superstation Detroit /Southfield, MI...ijs
6 Yes feeling good with you is wonderful Keith. I love this song.
7 Everything that feels so right is usually bad.
8 hi Keith here I am again I love this one to hope to meet you one day keep sounding good
9 Listing to Feels Good make you fall in love.
10 this is a true song I love it sing it Keith it's beautiful tina
11 This song Feels Good do something to you and your heart.
12 He can still sing. Audio sounds a bit weird to me.
0 ?2018 anyone???I know am not alone?!? Wheres my #2018MusicSquad ?
1 *THIS SONG IS ABOUT HOMEWORK!*
2 *_OBRIGADO Fifth harmony!! Nos brasileiros amamos vocês!!!_* 

         *_?we love Fifth harmony! ?_*
3 Camila was outshining them all, that's why she left the sinking ship
4 Nice music ?
5 2:20 best part
0 Can't wait until people start over analyzing this video. It's always interesting to hear how it's interpreted!
1 4:40 - 5:28 love this part, too short though
2 My favorite shot in this video is probably when the dog hesitates in the doorway. Awesome video for an awesome song. Can't wait for the album to drop.
3 The song starts at 1:28
4 This song reminds me of The Lord of The Rings for some reason
0 THAT BEAT AND THE FLOW OHHHHH
1 i really like ur reaction bro... u really know how to fuckin appreciate the song man, hell yeah
 :)
2 You should listen to his song when ft tabloid calling out lots of ppl in that
0 I rocked my sweet baby to sleep every night to this song...He is now graduating from high school...?..By the grace of God he has become a man...
1 God is never so near and real as when His Spirit accompanies a wonderful piece of music. Thank you for this, thank you, thank you...
2 Van Morison you are truly a philosopher. Very beautiful lyrics with the thoughts of our Lord in your mind.
A song that is soul consoling and I thank you, for these lyrics..
3 Van Morrison is simply unmatched in his music....
4 It's poetry put to music.  I am always proud to be from Belfast, but even more so, when I listen to Van.
5 Van has always been & always will be one of the greatest song writers & singers of all time !! He always sings from the soul !!
6 Van Morrison master musician. It's said he's a tireless perfectionist, which shows in his music. This track is one of his finest
7 Touches the heart and the soul -- and lifts the spirit -- as only Van can
8 This is my first dance wedding song!
9 since


 40 years I listen to van the man .....nearly every day , unbelievable  isn't it, what a wonderful musician
10 This song helped me heal from a family tragedy.  I am forever in your debt. Thank you Mr. Morrison.
11 Music of real life.
12 great tune.. just feeling sad about leon russels passing, then i remembered my old favorite van..  thanks
13 Nine Months with Hugh Grant and Robin Williams brought me here. Love this song!!!!
14 blessed are the weary , the meek and the weak of heart
15 Beautiful music, beautiful lyrics, beautiful voice......thank you.
0 Let it go by Idina was not the song for you. You sound just like Ariel! I like this. good job!
1 What you r doing is awesome!!! Gosh right now im so full of emotions
2 Can you sing songs from Wicked?! :) 
3 beautiful song
4 You are a wonderful singer, and I hope it takes you everywhere you want to go!
5 The start made my heart warm! XD
6 I know you weren't lip sinking, you did AWESOME, but where was the piano music coming from? Great job!
0 LOVE this!! Was just wondering what chords you used??
1 does anybody know the chords used ?
2 Really great song to teach kids about Terry Fox! Did you write this yourself? 
3 Hello Mr. K., 
I'd like permission to use your song for our school's assembly and event next week. I really love it! 
K.L.
4 Love it. I'm a teacher in Richmond, B.C. Hope our primary students can use your song and create a video like this!
5 i like your movie you rocks you good in singing

6 This is not the real song my school dose the real one every year
7 I heard of this nice I liked it
8 Feel Free. Glad you like it.
9 We're going to do this song at ten broke for the terry fox run
0 I thought this was called "Funk Soul Brother"
1 The music is still goin on even though the video has stopped
2 the kind of song everybody heard once but no one knows the name of LOL
3 you still hear this in 2016 ! FUCK YEAH!!!!!!!!
4 DUBIOZA COVER OF THIS SONG RULES!
5 What a legendary song...
6 fatboy slim has weird but intriguing music
7 I swear I have nothing to do with Rockefeller's death.
8 Still rocking in 2018....?
9 pool is closed due to aids.
and funk soul brothers.
who have aids.
0 Jamaica used to  make  such beautiful music
1 "By other people standards, the instruments may sound distorted, the balance way off, but its just these rough edges that give reggae the raw sound that can never be copy abroad"
2 vocally, Jacob Killa Milla still has NO COMPARISON
3 Real talent.....Real reggae music. Forward ever and a backward never!
4 Music Jah bless.
5 Back in the days, Jamaica had so many talented reggae musicians and Bob Marley and wailers were just one of them.
6 play play play play oooooonnn reggae dont get better than that
7 nothing beat real acoustics Jah know star
8 Reggae Got Soul Live Music From.Jam Rock Jamaica
9 This is how real music was made back then, Now it's bullshit
10 How the name of last song  of jacob miller sing?
11 jah mon..long live reggae..One Love..from.Bull..Oslo Beach.Port Shepstone.SOUTH AFRICA
12 jah mon..long live reggae..One Love..from.Bull..Oslo Beach.Port Shepstone.SOUTH AFRICA.
13 Original and filled with the LOVE for the MUSIC! God Man Styleee!
14 Nice glimpse of Mr. Music himself--Lee Perry. And what a great ear Jacob Miller had!
15 This was when Jamaica had great musicians making very great music. Now it's just hype and nastiness taking over the place .
16 Want More  by Bob Marley. Go deh Dig up !Fantastic music   ..
17 Those were the days when you went to a REGGAE Concert...you were UPLIFTED and you wanted to REBEL!
0 i thought this song was by a light skin nigga
1 this good fire song now matter the race we all bleed red
2 you know shit got real when Wayne says in his verses that he killed the beat
3 who knew Jake from Two and a Half men had bars like that.
4 Wayne killed it. RIP to da beat
5 white brother got bars though
6 I didn't know kid rock had a kid, WTF????
7 On MLK in a Bugatti I Feel Free at Last
Happy Martin Luther King Jr. Day
8 Lil Wayne is high Key the RemixChamp!
9 ive been weezy fan ever since hot boys. finnaly i enjoy his lyrics,  no swearing, chill white boi song. i like it.
10 i was shocked too lol but good song!
11 Poppin all these pills i put my doctor on
0 How can anyone dislike this Art of Music!
1 I love this song,and much in piano..^3^
2 Oh, I'm the dancing demon watch me twirl and hop and spin! I’m quick to show a smile but I won’t forget your *S I N S*
3 I love this song
4 NPT Music can you PLEASE make easy Spooky Scary Skeletons for piano! I really want to learn it!
5 Wow. Truly amazing. I can play the piano by ear but I couldn't for this song. So I came to this tutorial. Thanks!
6 Is it just me who wants to transpose this so they can play it without a piano
7 This is My favourite music rap
0 My God , a really great song
1 Beautiful masterpiece, absolutely brilliant talent, top of the line solid gold standard of excellence for over 50 years, Paul is a musical genius, magnificent career
2 This song really showcases his singing skills, as a vocalist myself he is where I draw a lot of my inspiration from (as well as Matthew Bellamy and Freddie Mercury of course!)
3 always, anywhere, anytime, anyhow, anyway.
up ur nose with a piano. lol
4 What an astonishing vocal performance from Paul.
5 I like too much this song... OMG
6 Whether or not partly meaningless lyrics, my home city Budapest is clearly mentioned. Thanks for sharing.
7 Thanks nowhereman for taking the time to compile what i consider pure platinum music. Cheers mate!
8 This is one of my favorite !!!Never could understand what is all about but music, beat and voice  are amazing.
9 Great song and a very good album underrated the time it has been released.
10 The lyrics fascinate me!!!  I have always loved this song.
11 and if you dig this vocal style, listen to "Oh Woman Oh Why, or Wild Life, or Im Down, or Helter Skelter, or Oh Darling.........pipes of steel this man has....or had
12 this song appears to be about him and linda  not giving a shit about what 'others' are saying about them...just getting high and venting it out...same with Smile Away
13 I had Alexa play songs by Paul for the dog as I went to leave. I was on my way out when I heard this start playing and I stopped dead and just HAD to listen to the whole song.
14 I have this album in the closet. Got to see Paul and Linda in 93, New World Tour. Best song ever...
15 I believe it's "a piano up my nose".
0 i never knew Stevie Wonder stole this song from Daft Punk
1 Better for every to lose themselves to dance then drugs, alcohol, bigotry, racism and hatred. Bring this back into our culture and make it part of our lives again.
2 The couple @1:34 are making some serious music together
3 I continuously keep choosing this one over the original Daft punk music video hahahah I know I’m not the only one.
4 What song was Stevie Wonder singing at 00:49?
5 Love this !  I never lose myself to dance ! I find Myself to dance ! What About You ? Musical Greetings !
6 I wish I had Soul like these folks.
7 At 2:43, Barry White is sho getting down,  and  Skinny Slim at 4:07
8 Black, white everyone just have fun. Music is awesome.
9 This song is more concerned about my SOUL than most churches I've been to ;)
10 Back when black culture was all about positive music and unity not guns, drugs and violence.
0 nice song bro ... chillnation is my life
1 ?this song lit ??? ?? ?? ?? ?? ?? ?? ?? ?? ?
2 first vocal feature, much love to Baynk and Chill Nation
3 Keep doing what you do, This is some of the best music I've ever heard.
4 Ooh man this song is so lit! #love_it
5 Best channel for music to listen to whilst baked :3
6 Legends say, Chill Nation will heart and Respond to this... Is it true?
7 Another cool song <3
8 Love this song
0 One of the best Bond songs ever.
1 One and only Sean Connery,Shirley Bassey at her best
2 this reminds me of my christmas panto in college =) love this song 
3 My favourite 007 theme song ever
4 this is what christina aguileras song "falling in love again I cant help it" reminds me of both CLASSIC
5 "Where is Ernst Stavro Blofeld? Speak up darling I can't hear you."
6 To date, there has only been one performer who has done more than one James Bond title song.  Shirley did THREE, and a fourth that, unfortunately (in my opinion only) wasn't used.
7 i prefer the goldfinger theme. the very notion of someone other than Shirley Bassey singing a bond theme sickens me to the core.
8 man no more good movies like that anymore except the dark knight or the new bond films i hope mgm remakes this one
9 I went to see this film in Birmingham on its release.I was about 8 yrs old.I dont think i've ever been the same since!
This is a great song.
10 I grew up on James Bond. Since i was 5 I've been watching them with my family. And I miss this classical, beautiful bond, with charm and suave <3 aaaah.
11 This is a classic Bond tune but For Your Eyes Only has to be the best Bond song.
12 The best Bond song ever..beautiful voice and clever lyrics..
13 This was the very best Bond song of all time . Great lyrics and music.
14 Only Shirley Bassey (sp) can sing this song & she does it with such conviction.  Not many men can say that they have been a sex symbol, let alone still be one well into the 70's....way to go Sean!
15 Dame Shirley Bassey has such a beautiful voice !
0 This is my favorite Ramones song.
1 Probably  their  most underrated  song.
2 my favorite music is RAMONES!!!!!!!!!!!!! Garden Of Serenity
3 i was named after this song. not joking serenity's my name.

4 In the garden, outside, british tank. Am I the only one who's hearing that?
5 This music is my Garden of Serenity.
6 I've discovered this song (and band) when i watched the Osiris SUBJECT TO CHANGE skate video 10 years ago ! the part was with Dylan Rieder & Diego Bucchieri ... the feels <3
7 Songs are good ... but critics do not appreciate it.
I do not understand it .. Korean fan who likes Ramons
8 GREAT FUCKING SONG
9 banda pionera del punk rock
10 @94981745  try Poison Heart or I believe in miracles
11 most psychedelic Ramones song.
12 i started listening to the ramones in highschool when i was 16 im almost 30 now , i do have some of thire music but now i want everything they did
0 Good beat! I can imagine someone licking my ear to this!
1 My favorite waka flocks song , BUST IT  still catchy AF 
2 This and No Hands were his best songs hands down
3 Drake owns every song he gets featured on lmao
4 Waka isn't a good rapper but god this is fun to watch and so catchy. Such a chill beat to.
5 I don't even care if this song is for strippers.
6 I love drakes part so much  love him with all my heart I will love him until I die??????????
7 When this song comes on the radio or whatevr i turn into a stripper/twerker.
8 Still waiting on part two..
9 Still waiting for the English translation of this song.
0 Still no lonesome crowded west/this is a long drive/moon and antartica, but hey still probably the best theyve released of their newer stuff.
1 So looking forward to the new album, still dying to hear the studio version of Ansel!
2 The image doesn't look that good. It reminds me of old commercials for other shows on scify. Song is just alright.
 I don't think I'll be in a rush to buy this album.
3 so good! extremely chill song, very relaxing
4 I hope for some turntables in this album. I fucking love Heart Cooks Brain & Never Ending Math Equation.
5 love the photo! and the song!
6 I went to the VERY FIRST date of the 'Strangers To Ourselves Tour' last night! It was AMAZING! They played this song, The Best Room and The Ground Walks for the first time ever!
7 You all are awesome so many songs to give out to the fans can't wait for the the full album been stowkd on this year and you keep making it better and better for me Tour especially.
8 These comments have got to be the most intellectual back and forth on music I've seen on Youtube-- everyone should give themselves a pat on the back!
9 This song is sooo good. I had no idea
10 This song can make anybody go ahhhoohhahhhhh. I love MM.
11 I hear a bit of Mimicking Birds in this, maybe Owl Hoots.
12 there isnt a song i don't like by modest mouse seriously i was recently introduced to them have loved every single song ive heard woo woo
0 I love for music
1 Who's watching this masterpiece today? :) 
???
2 Im not alone ? And Cry music??
3 This song is my heart ????????????
0 Song so black it stole hood from my childhood
1 hey guys how you guys been I've just been working on new music in all THANK YOU GUYS FOR  ALMOST 300M & 2M LIKES I THINK IS TIME FOR PART 2 !!!
2 Who likes the part when the police came in and joined in!!That was funny ????
3 long time I never hear this song again?
4 I loved this song since i was born son!juju on them beat son!
5 this song is so dumb and there is no point too it
6 Ahhh memories. I remember when they played this on that party at my school and everybody was going crazy
7 I love your song
8 I LOVE THIS SONGGG
0 I have no idea what she's talking about, but i adore this song.
1 i'm proud of the Arabs and the Arabic music..~?
Arabic songs are the best in the world?
2 *still listening this song, best of the bests* ?
3 my best song
4 Nice song????llove u nancy from malaysia
5 From Palestine I love this song so much  ??
0 It's hard to drink beer to this song. Maybe stop headbanging  could could help. But I can't stop it.
1 Definitely has a Motorhead feel to it. :)
2 Matt Pike has one of the all-time great guitar tones.

Here's hoping for another Sleep album!!
3 This is the first time I've heard this band. Definetly sounds like Motorhead. Not that that's a terrible thing.
4 this music is so sweaty
5 Sounds like a fucking machine gun going off. I am not even a big metal fan "Per se" but this band is filled with raw power.
GREAT!
6 Old school denim and beer metal
7 this song would be number one on headbangers ball. don't try to deny it.
8 This song uncontrollably grows a beard on you instantly and makes you detest wearing shirts.
9 lets roll a green one and start a revolution against those evil lairs of the new world order ! with  the christ heart
10 first song i heard from these fellas. new fan right here. I've been tearing thru all their stuff...over and over.
11 As a lover of Power Metal, I'm happy to indirectly tread into this. Pretty catchy.
0 I dig it Billy. Nicolette from Hemet Ca. My question is have you ever felt like walking away from it all and trying something new? Because the music business is unforgiving.
1 Kevinbrown Aka Franchize Muisc out that 805 Oxnard Ca Reping Houston TX saying whats good to my G Gates and the hommie B The kid Good music Family keep pushing no days off, We got next!!!!!!!!
2 Good song and video.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=utKj2prmaHI 
https://youtu.be/utKj2prmaHI
3 great song keep up the good work
4 I love this song im from fellsmere fl and by the way you soo cute ??
5 Elena Shortyy from Harligen Texas how was it working with Kevin Gates any new up coming people your gunna have in your videos ? much love for u and your music?
6 Dope??.Luv This Song ????
7 What's good Billy day kid!! Sounds good!!! I'm Tina reppin that 303 from Colorado!! My question 2 you is What other artists do u want to do a songs with?
8 awesome work love love this song
9 Love this song!   Condesa bambi from Mexico
10 how do I hear or see your shutouts live ?
11 carisa from AZ,love your music its always awesome keep doing what you do god bless
0 Goapele has been one of my favorite artists since I was in middle school. I wish she got more recognition. I have been jamming to her EP all morning.
1 You will go very high in the music industry. Great job, keep the good work. Best regards.
2 somebody help me I can't .STOP replay this song/video ..??..
3 A very artistic and Wonderful ????? 5 star Video!!
4 Beauty at its finest..song is ? & the lp is dope..need a vid for Power next..much love #DreamSeeker
5 I love her music...??..
6 Why does she give me so much life just to take it away?? ? I love Goapele. Her voice is so different from other artists & SHE CAN ACTUALLY SING!! With her beautiful self. Hopefully she blows up more
7 very seductive, now a vid. for her song with bj the chi.kid will put the iceing on the cake. Her ep is so good, i keep on repeat
8 All I hear is diamonds dancing
9 My girl is so slept on, I'm just so in love with her new music! Goapele (life)
10 This song is liquid fire.
11 Damn I don't know how I'm barely hearing this now. It's so fucking good!
12 why do you not have more views than this. i love this song!!
13 As seen & watched on  Bay Area Compass, The worlds #1 blog and source for all Bay Area music.
14 Feeling some Aaliyah vibes with this.
0 Wie der Beat bei 1:00 losging..Gänsehaut !
1 Der Beat geht so in die Fresse. Ihr Nuttentöchter!
2 Einfach gleiche part #haftbefehlspartistbesser Milonair ft Haftbefehl
Dieses Dasein
0 jennifer and james are so talented!and please check my performance ;)
1 So lit and her melanin is popping with that lip pie ?????
2 Nothing I find more cringe worthy than when people 'fancy sing' public domain songs. Anyone in on that? However -- this is obviously amazingly good.
3 The gospel version of If You're Happy…might sing that next Sunday ??
4 It's the gospel version of "If You're Happy And You Know It"!!! I love it!. :D
5 How such simple songs could be SO EPIC, is beyond me, but I feel incredibly fortunate to have seen that! I have a big goofy smile on my face because that was AWESOME!!!
6 I need this version of Skip to my Lou.  I love it when James and Jennifer get together.  They need to collaborate on a song for real because their voices compliment each other so well.
7 "Skip to My Lou" has never sounded better than as an R&B song for Jennifer Hudson.
8 I have never seen anyone put so much emotion into these songs ???
0 Loving it, best voice chops ever
1 I've been listening to this song on repeat since it was released......



While being fat in my room
2 Such a good song Mama kito <3

ALso we need MERCH! Please!
3 Time to get back into KitoMusic
4 A very good song ;)
5 Impossible to understand what she's singing, besides the "we are the wasted youth"
But really good song, very nice vocals
6 i love this song but the "ha ha ha" part kills it
7 My generation in one song (I mean for someone who watches too much YouTube every day says a lot about me already I have no life lol ?)
8 Wooo I'm really feeling this one :)
0 Gary is a great singer and musician. I've always been an old school music fan but Gary is one of the best musicians that's popular today
1 Man 
Those lyrics 
This song really make me sad and happy
2 I guess it's cool to know who held the cameras, recorded the song and then made the cuts - but who are the rest of the musicians?
3 Just wondering..... Why did black kids ever stop playing the blues/ rock/ soul?
4 Bless Roadies for making me discover these gems of music.
5 This is our music.... Such a beautiful artist!  I'm coming to see you in Nashville.
6 once again I'm loving the new songs ! @garyclarkjr  dude you truly are an inspiration! best wishes brother !
7 Great neogospel, dude
8 There are not enough good words to describe this man and his music IMO.
9 <3 best album I've heard in a long time. This song is just beautiful. <3
10 Love the new Album. This song has so much meaning to it. Keep up the great work Gary. Your the man!!!!
11 does anyone know what key that harmonica is ?
12 Reminds me a bit of bob Dylan this song
13 Some of the best music I've heard in a while...
14 Real musician..... This music has spirit!!!
15 Gary you plays with your whole heart and soul i do love it your music.Bless you.
16 One of the last songs Gary did at the Stone Pony in Asbury Park New Jersey.. The man has touched my heart and soul.. Extreme Talent and Humility = GCJ
17 Great song! And i had to quote Jimi here... Foxy Lady! ??
18 Does anyone know what key of harmonica he's playing?
0 Is he playing the bass drum with a banana?
1 I feel so lucky to have seen this genius play live! I even met him too, such a nice guy. 

0 Heart broken song ??
1 Nice song
2 Emran hasmin actor Sir song is very super hit... Very nice love song...... Very soulful voice.. Arman Sir.. And music arman Malik Sir very heart touching music Sir..
3 How beautiful this song is... I'm listening main rahoon ya na rahoon every day again and again and again  bt dil aabhi bhara nahi ?
4 2k18 yo and still this song be rockin oh yeah
5 He looks very innocent in this video..
Awesome song... Really really touched my ?
6 It's Just A Lovely Song...?#ArmaanianForever??
7 One side love is beautiful.I can't type my feelings????
8 Emraan Hashmi is The Hit Machine When It Comes To Romantic Songs???...
9 when the name comes imran hashmi . then song is hit
10 Hit right in the feels, get a grip woman.
11 I love this song ???????
12 Vry vry beautiful song??
13 Beautiful voice beautiful song
0 So good to know people are still listening to this song
1 Can't get enough of this song and her legs
2 The song Sounds so New 
But its allready 4 years old :c
3 I listen to song on my way home from work when the sun is setting in the west.. I feel like anything is possible then.
4 I search this song with key words "Could be Like a cookies"
5 I dont like this song, but i loved that girl
6 I love that she feels it so much that her eyes are watering. Mine too. ?
7 I loved this song in 2014?? Woah times flows..
0 2018? best music??????
1 I feel like killing the 67k people who disliked this!! ?
2 One of the many Shawn Mendes songs that I’ll be listening to for years, love them both?
3 this song is just killing me i love it
0 Zajefajne, dla mnie mog?o by by? jeszcze bardziej na spontanie. Wysz?o super !
?apki w gore ! 
Peace V  :)
0 Nice hear today
1 Once it was 7th December... My mind told me to go and listen to this...
This song is still catchy as always!
2 _trust me this song is so much more awesome when it is raining outside_
3 This song is so meaningful ;)
4 Faith in music - restored
5 The quality of song is impeccable. Paramount. Goosebumps. 


Love this so much.
6 beautiful and a meaningful song???
0 Alternative titles:
"Peaches mimics an abusive relationship."
"Peaches mimics a dysfunctional home."
"Peaches pulls her own feathers out to help distract from the trauma."
1 I am thinking, your animals deserve the same way you try to keep your children from the ones who hear and handle the lash outs, it makes me sad.?
2 I am happy the bird is in a new home and will feel better with out all the stress of the old home she was in. 
3 I have no words, I guess my cat heard the same thing.??
4 Funny? Not really. Look at the bird's chest; the bird has been traumatized by the situation and started hurting herself :(
5 Given 5hat these birds are highly intellegent and easily stressed out, I hope the the new owners will spend lots of quiet time teaching her NEW and nicer things to say!! YIKES!!
0 Oooh Ahhhh... That's how it always starts, later the T-Rex shows up and trips on a flautist and then there's RUNNING and SCREAMING!
1 DOES THE TREX GOT A MUSIC SHEET ASWELLL????
2 Don't hate on the Dino, he heard his national anthem and went to enjoy it ?
3 I would have wheezed right into my trumbone if I saw that T-rex come out hahaha
I wonder if they told the musicians beforehand? lmao
4 I'M SO PROUD OF MY COUNTRY RIGHT NOW, *POLAND RULES*
5 Thank you very much for sharing such a wonderful piece.
Greetings from Mexico
6 These are students? They play better than most of the Symphony orchestras I've heard.
7 Cynical Politician: why should I give funding to the arts?

Rational Human: *Shows this video
8 To think none of them were even alive when this film came out. 

They played well. Love this theme.
9 _"Ooh, Ahh, that's how it all starts. Then later there's running and screaming"_
10 I wonder how underappreciated the cymbal guy feels. 

Conductor: Show up for practice everyone! 

Cymbal guy: *Tss* Can I just go home now?
11 This was probably the best pieces of music I’ve heard in my life!! Wow bravo ??? +loveee the dino ;D XD :D ??? ?
